Documentation for label-based access control (#545)
memgraph/docs: docs/reference-guide/security.md

Label-based access control enables database administrators to disable users from 
viewing or manipulating nodes with certain labels and relationships of certain types.

Label-based permissions are divided into 3 hierarchical parts or levels:
- `READ` - grants the user visibility over a node or a relationship
- `UPDATE` - grants the user visibility and the ability to edit a node or a relationship
- `CREATE_DELETE` - grants the user visibility, editing, creation, and deletion of a node or a
relationship

### Node permissions

Granting a certain set of node permissions can be done similarly to the clause 
privileges using the following command:

```cypher
GRANT permission_level ON LABELS label_list TO user_or_role;
```

with the legend:
- `permission_level` is either `READ`, `UPDATE` or `CREATE_DELETE`
- `label_list` is a set of node labels, separated with a comma and with a colon in front of
each label (e.g. `:L1`), or `*` for specifying all labels in the graph
- `user_or_role` is the already created user or role in Memgraph

For example, granting a `READ` permission on labels `L1` and `L2` would be written as:

```cypher
GRANT READ ON LABELS :L1, :L2 TO charlie;
```

> while granting both read and edit permissions for all labels in the graph, would be written as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while granting both `READ` and `EDIT` permissions for all labels in the graph, would be written as:
```

```cypher
GRANT UPDATE ON LABELS * TO charlie;
```

The same functionality could be executed with the `DENY` command, which is an inverse 

> command to `GRANT`. By using deny, users are getting a permission level one level 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command to `GRANT`. By using `DENY`, users are getting a permission level one level 
```

below the denied one. To be clear, by executing

```cypher
DENY CREATE_DELETE ON LABELS * TO charlie;
```

the user would actually be granted an `UPDATE` permission level.

### Relationship permissions
Relationship permission queries are in essence the same as node permission queries, with the
one difference that the name of the relationship type is `EDGE_TYPE` and not `LABEL`.

Granting a certain set of edge type permissions can be done similarly to the
clause privileges by issuing the following command:

```cypher
GRANT permission_level ON EDGE_TYPES edge_type_list TO user_or_role;
```

with the same legend as the node permissions.

> For example, granting a `READ` permission on edge_type `:CONNECTS` would be written as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, granting a `READ` permission on edge type `:CONNECTS` would be written as:
```

```cypher
GRANT READ ON EDGE_TYPES :CONNECTS TO charlie;
```

### Revoking label-based permissions
To revoke any of the label-based permissions, users can use one of the following commands:

```cypher
REVOKE (LABELS | EDGE_TYPES) label_or_edge_type_list FROM user_or_role
```

> with the legend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where:
```

- `label_or_edge_type_list` is a list of labels or edge types with a colon in front of each
label or edge type (or `*` for specifying all labels or edge types)
- `user_or_role` is the existing user or role in Memgraph

### Show privileges for label-based access control

> For checking the privileges the existing user or role has in Memgraph, it is enough to write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check which privileges an existing user or role has in Memgraph, it is enough to write
```

```cypher
SHOW PRIVILEGES FOR user_or_role;
```

> and all the values of clause privileges as well as label-based permissions will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and all the values of clause privileges, as well as label-based permissions, will be displayed.
```
